a while SEC conference game to open the
season for LSU and Mississippi State on
Thursday Night Football on ESPN 8
o'clock Eastern Time
you saw Ellis Johnson talking to the
crowd earlier one of Crooms assistant
coaches and now the head coach himself
is up there here's Mike broom let's
listen at the Colombo's to get some ribs
and I just got to talking to them about
a couple of things
tomorrow night is a great challenge for
us but as Winston Churchill said a great
difficulties also provide great
opportunities tomorrow
tomorrow provides our team with an
opportunity to show that we are team
that we've got one heartbeat one spirit
one man
tomorrow provides our football team with
the chance to show the pride that they
have in this state the pride that they
have for these students the pride that
they have for our alumni as well
tomorrow night's gonna be a great
challenge but I believe that our
football team is comprised of a lot of
men that will take full advantage of
that opportunity but well now this is
the only thing tomorrow provide some
opportunities for you as well
tomorrow provides
Samarra provides an opportunity for the
whole nation to see what Mississippi
State means to every one of you enter
alumni all across the country
you have an opportunity to show the
nation
what maroon means to all of us what this
University means of all of us and you
have an opportunity to show the whole
nation the pride we take in being from
Mississippi
I don't know what the rest of the
country expects to see them up night but
what I expect to see is all team and all
of you take full advantage for the
opportunity we're providing seize the
opportunity